change[Thumbnails]: make auto clipping configurable (#6950)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/04_Assets/03_Working_with_Thumbnails/01_Image_Thumbnails.md

                webp_auto_support: false
```

## Clipping Support 

> Automatically clip images with embedded clipping path (8BIM / Adobe profile meta data) to generate thumbnails. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images with an embedded clipping path (8BIM / Adobe profile meta data) are automatically clipped when generating thumbnails of them. 
```
